Update documentation to v2.0.0 (#50)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/shapes_demo.rst

To modify the output default stream, you can change it with `stream <id>`.

> The maximum available streams corresponds with the ``CONFIG_MAX_OUTPUT_BEST_EFFORT_STREAMS`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum available streams correspond to the ``CONFIG_MAX_OUTPUT_BEST_EFFORT_STREAMS`` and
```

> ``CONFIG_MAX_OUTPUT_RELIABLE_STREAMS`` properties as CMake argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``CONFIG_MAX_OUTPUT_RELIABLE_STREAMS`` properties as CMake arguments.
```
